feat: deffile options (#4405)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/native/native-definition-file.md

[//]: # (title: Definition file)

> Kotlin/Native helps consume C and Objective-C libraries, allowing you to use their functionality in Kotlin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kotlin/Native enables you to work with C and Objective-C libraries, allowing you to use their functionality in Kotlin.
```
It's not clear what the subject is of the original sentence. Here's a suggestion for you to consider :)

A special cinterop tool takes a C or an Objective-C library and generates the corresponding Kotlin bindings,
so that the library methods can be used in your Kotlin code as usual.

To generate these bindings, each library should have its definition file, usually with the same name as the library.

> This is a property file that describes how exactly the library should be consumed. See the full [list of available properties](#properties).

Author: I want to keep the definition of the definition file :) here, but changed the word order as suggested

Here's a general workflow when working with a project:

1. Create a `.def` file describing what to include into bindings.
2. Use generated bindings in your Kotlin code.
3. Run the Kotlin/Native compiler to produce the final executable.

## Create and configure a definition file

Let's create a definition file and generate bindings for a C library:

1. In your IDE, select the `src` folder and create a new directory with **File | New | Directory**.
2. Name new directory **nativeInterop/cinterop**.
   
   This is the default convention for `.def` file locations, though it can
   be overridden in the `build.gradle.kts` file if you use a different location.
3. Select this new subfolder and create a `png.def` file with **File | New | File**.
4. Add the necessary properties:

   ```none
   headers = png.h
   headerFilter = png.h
   package = png
   
   compilerOpts.linux = -I/usr/include -I/usr/include/x86_64-linux-gnu
   linkerOpts.osx = -L/opt/local/lib -L/usr/local/opt/png/lib -lpng
   linkerOpts.linux = -L/usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu -lpng
   ```

>    * `headers` is the list of header files to generate Kotlin stubs. You can add multiple files to this entry,

Reviewer: "that generate Kotlin stubs" or "to generate Kotlin stubs for"?

Author: It's the latter

     separating each with a space. In this case, it's only `png.h`. The referenced files need to be available
     on the specified path (in this case, it's `/usr/include/png`).
   * `headerFilter` shows what exactly is included. In C, all the headers are also included when one file references
     another one with the `#include` directive. Sometimes it's not necessary, and you can add this parameter

>      [using glob patterns](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glob_(programming)) to fine-tune things.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     [using glob patterns](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glob_(programming)) to make adjustments.
```
"things" is quite informal. WDYT of "make adjustments" instead?

     You can use `headerFilter` if you don't want to fetch external dependencies (such as system `stdint.h` header) into
     the interop library. Also, it may be useful for library size optimization and fixing potential conflicts between
     the system and the provided Kotlin/Native compilation environment.

   * If the behavior for a certain platform needs to be modified, you can use a format like `compilerOpts.osx` or
     `compilerOpts.linux` to provide platform-specific values to the options. In this case, they are macOS
     (the `.osx` suffix) and Linux (the `.linux` suffix). Parameters without a suffix are also possible
     (for example, `linkerOpts=`) and applied to all platforms.

5. To generate bindings, synchronize the Gradle files by clicking **Sync Now** in the notification.

   ![Synchronize the Gradle files](gradle-sync.png)

After the bindings generation, the IDE can use them as a proxy view of the native library.

> You can also configure bindings generation by using the [`cinterop` tool](#generate-bindings-using-command-line) in the command line.
> 

> {type="tip"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Not needed in writerside

Author: I kept it for consistency, but changed to "style"

## Properties

Here's the full list of properties you can use in your definition file to adjust the content of the generated binaries.

> For more information, see corresponding sections below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the corresponding sections below.
```

| [`compilerOpts`](#pass-compiler-and-linker-options)                                 | Compiler options that the cinterop tool passes to the C compiler.                                                                                                                                                           |
| [`linkerOpts`](#pass-compiler-and-linker-options)                                   | Linker options that the cinterop tool passes to the linker.                                                                                                                                                                 |
| [`excludedFunctions`](#ignore-specific-functions)                                   | A space-separated list of function names that should be ignored.                                                                                                                                                            |                                                               

> | `excludedMacros`                                                                    |                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer: This doesn't have a description?

Author: Hid for now

| [`libraryPaths`](#include-a-static-library)                                         | [Experimental](components-stability.md#stability-levels-explained). A space-separated list of directories where the cinterop tool searches for the library to be included in `.klib`.                                       |
| `packageName`                                                                       | Package prefix for the generated Kotlin API.                                                                                                                                                                                |
| [`headerFilter`](#filter-headers-by-globs)                                          | Filters headers by globs and includes only them when importing a library.                                                                                                                                                   |

> | [`excludeFilter`](#exclude-headers)                                                 | Excludes specific headers when importing a library. Has priority over `headerFilter`.                                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`excludeFilter`](#exclude-headers)                                                 | Excludes specific headers when importing a library and takes priority over `headerFilter`.                                                                                                                                       |
```
Up to you.

> | [`strictEnums`](#configure-enums-generation)                                        | A space-separated list of enums that should be generated as a [Kotlin enum](enum-classes.md).                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`strictEnums`](#configure-enums-generation)                                        | A space-separated list of enums that should be generated as [Kotlin enums](enum-classes.md).                                                                                                                               |
```
Should it be plural?

| [`nonStrictEnums`](#configure-enums-generation)                                     | A space-separated list of enums that should be generated as integral values.                                                                                                                                                |

> | [`noStringConversion`](#set-up-string-conversion)                                   | A space-separated lists of functions whose `const char*` parameters should not be auto-converted to Kotlin `String`s.                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`noStringConversion`](#set-up-string-conversion)                                   | A space-separated list of functions whose `const char*` parameters should not be auto-converted to Kotlin `String`s.                                                                                                       |
```

> | `allowedOverloadsForCFunctions`                                                     | By default, it's considered that C functions have unique names. If several functions have the same name, only one is picked. However, you can change this by specifying these functions in `allowedOverloadsForCFunctions`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `allowedOverloadsForCFunctions`                                                     | By default, it's assumed that C functions have unique names. If several functions have the same name, only one is picked. However, you can change this by specifying these functions in `allowedOverloadsForCFunctions`. |
```

| [`disableDesignatedInitializerChecks`](#allow-calling-a-non-designated-initializer) | Disables the compiler check that doesn't allow calling a non-designated Objective-C initializer as a `super()` constructor.                                                                                                 |
| [`foreignExceptionMode`](#handle-objective-c-exceptions)                            | Wraps exceptions from Objective-C code into Kotlin exceptions with the `ForeignException` type.                                                                                                                             |

> | `objcClassesIncludingCategories`                                                    |                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer: This doesn't have a description?

Author: Hid for now

| [`userSetupHint`](#help-resolve-linker-errors)                                      | Adds a custom message, for example, to help users resolve linker errors.                                                                                                                                                    |

In addition to the list of properties, you can include [custom declarations](#add-custom-declarations) in your definition
file.

### Import headers

If a C library does not have a Clang module and instead consists of a set of headers, use the `headers` property to
specify headers that should be imported:

```none
headers = curl/curl.h
```

#### Filter headers by globs

You can filter headers by globs using filter properties from the `.def` file. To include declarations from headers,
use the `headerFilter` property. If a header matches any of the globs, its declarations are included in the bindings.

The globs are applied to the header paths relative to the appropriate include path elements,
for example, `time.h` or `curl/curl.h`. So if the library is usually included with `#include <SomeLibrary/Header.h>`,

> it would probably be correct to filter headers with the following filter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can filter headers with the following filter:
```
Trying to avoid the conditional but let me know if my suggestion doesn't work for you :)

Author: I think it's too confident compared to the original, altered a bit

```none
headerFilter = SomeLibrary/**
```

If `headerFilter` is not provided, all the headers are included. However, we encourage you to use `headerFilter`
and specify the glob as precisely as possible. In this case, the generated library contains only the necessary
declarations. It can help avoid various issues when upgrading Kotlin or tools in your development environment.

#### Exclude headers

To exclude specific headers, use the `excludeFilter` property. It can be helpful to remove redundant or problematic
headers and optimize compilation, as declarations from the specified headers are not included into the bindings:

```none
excludeFilter = SomeLibrary/time.h
```

> If the same header is both included with `headerFilter`, and excluded with `excludeFilter`, the specified header will

> > not be included into the bindings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> not be included in the bindings.
```

>

> {type="note"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{style="note"}
```

### Import modules

> If an Objective-C library has a Clang module, use the `modules` property to specify the module that should be imported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an Objective-C library has a Clang module, use the `modules` property to specify the module to be imported:
```

```none
modules = UIKit
```

### Pass compiler and linker options

Use the `compilerOpts` property to pass options to the C compiler, which is used to analyze headers under the hood.
To pass options to the linker, which is used to link final executables, use `linkerOpts`. For example:

```none
compilerOpts = -DFOO=bar
linkerOpts = -lpng
```

> Target-specific options only applicable to the certain target can be specified as well:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also specify target-specific options that apply only to a certain target:
```
Make it more active.

```none
compilerOpts = -DBAR=bar
compilerOpts.linux_x64 = -DFOO=foo1
compilerOpts.macos_x64 = -DFOO=foo2
```

> With such a configuration, headers will be analyzed with `-DBAR=bar -DFOO=foo1` on Linux and with `-DBAR=bar -DFOO=foo2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this configuration, headers are analyzed using `-DBAR=bar -DFOO=foo1` on Linux and `-DBAR=bar -DFOO=foo2`
```
Making it present tense :)

on macOS. Note that any definition file option can have both common and platform-specific parts.

### Ignore specific functions

> Use the `excludedFunctions` property to specify a list of the function names that should be ignored. This may be
> helpful in case a function declared in the header is not generally guaranteed to be really callable, and
> it's often hard or impossible to figure this out automatically. You can also use this property to work around a bug

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `excludedFunctions` property to specify a list of the function names that should be ignored. This can be
useful if a function declared in the header isn't guaranteed to be callable, and
it's difficult or impossible to determine this automatically. You can also use this property to work around a bug
```

in the interop itself.

### Include a static library

> This feature is [Experimental](components-stability.md#stability-levels-explained). It may be dropped or changed at any time.
> Use it only for evaluation purposes.
>

> {type="warning"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{style="warning"}
```

Sometimes it's more convenient to ship a static library with your product, rather than assume it is available within
the user's environment. To include a static library into `.klib`, use `staticLibrary` and `libraryPaths` properties:

```none
headers = foo.h
staticLibraries = libfoo.a
libraryPaths = /opt/local/lib /usr/local/opt/curl/lib
```

> When given the above snippet the `cinterop` tool will search `libfoo.a` in `/opt/local/lib` and `/usr/local/opt/curl/lib`,
> and if it is found include the library binary into `klib`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When given the above snippet, the `cinterop` tool searches `libfoo.a` in `/opt/local/lib` and `/usr/local/opt/curl/lib`,
and if found, includes the library binary in the `klib`.
```
Making it present tense. Should it be `cinterop` or cinterop tool? I see it used in both ways in this doc so can you pick one to use throughout?

Author: let's use backticks only when referring to the CL call

> When using such `klib` in your program, the library is linked automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using a `klib` like this in your program, the library is linked automatically.
```

### Configure enums generation

Use the `strictEnums` property to generate enums as Kotlin enums or `nonStrictEnums` to generate them as integral

> values . If the enum is not included into any of these lists, then it is generated according to the heuristics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
values. If an enum is not included in either of these lists, it is generated based on heuristics.
```

### Set up string conversion

Use the `noStringConversion` property to disable automatic conversion of the `const char*` function parameters as
Kotlin `String`s.

### Allow calling a non-designated initializer

By default, the Kotlin/Native compiler doesn't allow calling a non-designated Objective-C initializer as a `super()`

> constructor. This behaviour can be inconvenient if the designated Objective-C initializers aren't marked properly in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
constructor. This behavior can be inconvenient if the designated Objective-C initializers aren't marked properly in the
```
Fix british spelling ^^

[CocoaPods integration](native-cocoapods.md). If dependent libraries aren't installed locally on the machine or configured
explicitly in the project build script, the "Framework not found" error occurs.

If you're a library author, you can help your users resolve linker errors with custom messages.
To do that, add a `userSetupHint=message` property to your `.def` file or pass the `-Xuser-setup-hint` compiler option
to `cinterop`.

### Add custom declarations

Sometimes it is required to add custom C declarations to the library before generating bindings (for example, for [macros](native-c-interop.md#macros)).
Instead of creating an additional header file with these declarations, you can include them directly
to the end of the `.def` file, after a separating line, containing only the separator sequence `---`:

```none
headers = errno.h
---

static inline int getErrno() {
   return errno;
}
```

Note that this part of the `.def` file is treated as part of the header file, so functions with the body should be
declared as `static`. The declarations are parsed after including the files from the `headers` list.

## Generate bindings using command line

> In addition to the definition file, you can specify what to include into bindings by passing the corresponding properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the definition file, you can specify what to include in bindings by passing the corresponding properties
```

[//]: # (title: Definition file)

Kotlin/Native enables you to consume C and Objective-C libraries, allowing you to use their functionality in Kotlin.
A special tool called cinterop takes a C or an Objective-C library and generates the corresponding Kotlin bindings,
so that the library's methods can be used in your Kotlin code as usual.

To generate these bindings, each library needs a definition file, usually with the same name as the library.
This is a property file that describes exactly how the library should be consumed. See the full [list of available properties](#properties).

Here's a general workflow when working with a project:

1. Create a `.def` file describing what to include in the bindings.
2. Use the generated bindings in your Kotlin code.
3. Run the Kotlin/Native compiler to produce the final executable.

## Create and configure a definition file

Let's create a definition file and generate bindings for a C library:

1. In your IDE, select the `src` folder and create a new directory with **File | New | Directory**.

> 2. Name the new directory **nativeInterop/cinterop**.

Reviewer: Don't we usually write directory names with inline code formatting?

Author: No, you're right

specify headers that should be imported:

```none
headers = curl/curl.h
```

#### Filter headers by globs

You can filter headers by globs using filter properties from the `.def` file. To include declarations from headers,
use the `headerFilter` property. If a header matches any of the globs, its declarations are included in the bindings.

The globs are applied to the header paths relative to the appropriate include path elements,
for example, `time.h` or `curl/curl.h`. So if the library is usually included with `#include <SomeLibrary/Header.h>`,
you can probably filter headers with the following filter:

```none
headerFilter = SomeLibrary/**
```

If `headerFilter` is not provided, all the headers are included. However, we encourage you to use `headerFilter`
and specify the glob as precisely as possible. In this case, the generated library contains only the necessary
declarations. It can help avoid various issues when upgrading Kotlin or tools in your development environment.

#### Exclude headers

To exclude specific headers, use the `excludeFilter` property. It can be helpful to remove redundant or problematic

> headers and optimize compilation, as declarations from the specified headers are not included into the bindings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
headers and optimize compilation, as declarations from the specified headers are not included in the bindings:
```

Here's a general workflow when working with a project:

1. Create a `.def` file describing what to include into bindings.
2. Use generated bindings in your Kotlin code.
3. Run the Kotlin/Native compiler to produce the final executable.

## Create and configure a definition file

Let's create a definition file and generate bindings for a C library:

1. In your IDE, select the `src` folder and create a new directory with **File | New | Directory**.
2. Name new directory **nativeInterop/cinterop**.
   
   This is the default convention for header file locations, though it can
   be overridden in the `build.gradle.kts` file if you use a different location.
3. Select this new subfolder and create a `png.def` file with **File | New | File**.
4. Add the necessary properties:

   ```none
   headers = png.h
   headerFilter = png.h
   package = png
   
   compilerOpts.linux = -I/usr/include -I/usr/include/x86_64-linux-gnu
   linkerOpts.osx = -L/opt/local/lib -L/usr/local/opt/png/lib -lpng
   linkerOpts.linux = -L/usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu -lpng
   ```

   * `headers` is the list of header files to generate Kotlin stubs. You can add multiple files to this entry,

>      separating each with a `\` on a new line. In this case, it's only `png.h`. The referenced files need to be available

Author: Thank you, changed to spaces,
 plus, in the property table we recommend spaces too

   ![Synchronize the Gradle files](gradle-sync.png)

After the bindings generation, the IDE can use them as a proxy view of the native library.

> You can also invoke bindings generation manually using the [`cinterop` tool](#generate-bindings-manually).
> 
{type="tip"}

## Properties

Here's the full list of properties you can use in your definition file to adjust the content of the generated binaries.
For more information, see corresponding sections below.

| **Property**                                                                        | **Description**                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | [`headers`](#import-headers)                                                        | The list of headers to be included for the cinterop tool arguments.                                                                                                                                                                  |

Author: I think it's a bug, should be 'included in the bindings'

| [`foreignExceptionMode`](#handle-objective-c-exceptions)                            | Wraps exceptions from Objective-C code into Kotlin exceptions with the `ForeignException` type.                                                                                                                                      |
| `objcClassesIncludingCategories`                                                    |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| [`userSetupHint`](#help-resolve-linker-errors)                                      | Adds a custom message, for example, to help users resolve linker errors.                                                                                                                                                             |

In addition to the list of properties, you can include [custom declarations](#add-custom-declarations) in your definition
file.

### Import headers

> If a C library does not have a Clang module and instead consists of a set of headers, use the `headers` property to

Author: Thank you! fixed the `modules` description in the table and in the corresponding section

[//]: # (title: Definition file)

Kotlin/Native helps consume standard C and Objective-C libraries, allowing you to use their functionality in Kotlin.
A special cinterop tool takes a C or an Objective-C library and generates the corresponding Kotlin bindings,
so that the library methods can be in your Kotlin code as usual.

To generate these bindings, each library should have its definition file, usually with the same name as the library.
This is a property file that describes how exactly the library should be consumed. See the full [list of available properties](#properties).

Here's a general workflow:

1. Create a `.def` file describing what to include into bindings. For Objective-C, add the following property to the top:
   

>    ```none

Reviewer 2: Maybe it should be a part of properties table?

     on the system path (in this case, it's `/usr/include/png`).
   * `headerFilter` shows what exactly is included. In C, all the headers are also included when one file references
     another one with the `#include` directive. Sometimes it's not necessary, and you can add this parameter
     [using glob patterns](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glob_(programming)) to fine-tune things.

     `headerFilter` is an optional argument and is mostly used when the library is installed as a system library. You don't
     want to fetch external dependencies (such as system `stdint.h` header) into the interop library. It may be important to
     optimize the library size and fix potential conflicts between the system and the provided Kotlin/Native compilation
     environment.

   * If the behavior for a certain platform needs to be modified, you can use a format like `compilerOpts.osx` or
     `compilerOpts.linux` to provide platform-specific values to the options. In this case, they are macOS
     (the `.osx` suffix) and Linux (the `.linux` suffix). Parameters without a suffix are also possible
     (for example, `linkerOpts=`) and applied to all platforms.

> 5. Run the `cinterop` tool. You can specify properties as options to the `cinterop` call as well, for example:

Author: Done, moved all mentions of manual cinterop calls to a new section at the bottom

```bash
cinterop -def png.def -Xforeign-exception-mode objc-wrap
```

Here's the full list of properties you can use in your definition file to adjust the content of the generated binaries.
For more information, see corresponding sections below.

| **Property**                                                                        | **Description**                                                                                                                    |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [`headers`](#headers)                                                               | The list of headers to be included for the cinterop tool arguments.                                                                |
| `modules`                                                                           |                                                                                                                                    |

> | `language`                                                                          | Use to indicate the `Objective-C` language                                                                                         |

Reviewer 2: Used to specifcy the language. C by default.

| [`compilerOpts`](#compiler-and-linker-options)                                      | Compiler options that the cinterop tool passes to the compiler.                                                                    |

> | `excludeSystemLibs`                                                                 |                                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer 2: Guess could be dropped?

> | [`excludeDependentModules`](#filter-headers-by-module-maps)                         | Exclude headers from `module.modulemap` or `module.map` files. When used with `headerFilter`, they are applied as an intersection. |

Reviewer 2: Guess could be dropped?

> | `entryPoints`                                                                       |                                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer 2: Guess could be dropped?

| [`headerFilter`](#filter-headers-by-globs)                                          | Filter headers by globs and include only them when importing a library.                                                            |
| [`excludeFilter`](#exclude-headers)                                                 | Exclude specific headers when importing a library. Has priority over `headerFilter`.                                               |
| [`strictEnums`](#configure-enums-generation)                                        | A space-separated list of enums that should be generated as a [Kotlin enum](enum-classes.md).                                      |
| [`nonStrictEnums`](#configure-enums-generation)                                     | A space-separated list of enums that should be generated as integral values.                                                       |
| [`noStringConversion`](#set-up-string-conversion)                                   | A space-separated lists of functions whose `const char*` parameters should not be auto-converted to Kotlin `String`s.              |

> | `depends`                                                                           |                                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer 2: Guess could be dropped? Used only for internal purposes, IIRC.

> | `exportForwardDeclarations`                                                         |                                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer 2: OMG, I don't remember the intended usage :(

> | `allowedOverloadsForCFunctions`                                                     |                                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer 2: By default, C functions are considered unique by name, and between multiple with the same name only one is picked. However, user can disable this behavior by specifying these functions in `allowedOverloadsForCFunctions `

| [`disableDesignatedInitializerChecks`](#allow-calling-a-non-designated-initializer) | Disable the compiler check that doesn't allow calling a non-designated initializer as a `super()` constructor.                     |
| [`foreignExceptionMode`](#wrap-exceptions)                                          | Wraps exceptions from Objective-C code into Kotlin exceptions with the `ForeignException` type.                                    |

> | `pluginName`                                                                        |                                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer 2: Guess could be dropped?

| `objcClassesIncludingCategories`                                                    |                                                                                                                                    |
| [`userSetupHint`](#linker-errors)                                                   | Adds a custom message, for example, to help users resolve linker errors.                                                           |

In addition to the list of properties, you can include [custom declarations](#add-custom-declarations) in your definition
file.

### Headers

> When the library is imported, all of the headers are also included in the program. So all header dependencies are included

Reviewer 2: "C library" is either a set of headers or a Clang module. So user have to either:
* list headers in `headers` property.
* specify a module in `modules` property.
* add custom declarations.
to make definition file meaningful.

So this section could be rewritten like
> If the library does not have a Clang module and represented as a set of headers, use `headers` property to specify headers that should be imported.

The globs are applied to the header paths relative to the appropriate include path elements,
for example, `time.h` or `curl/curl.h`. So if the library is usually included with `#include <SomeLibrary/Header.h>`,
it would probably be correct to filter headers with the following filter:

```none
headerFilter = SomeLibrary/**
```

If `headerFilter` is not provided, all the headers are included. However, we encourage you to use `headerFilter`
and specify the glob as precisely as possible. In this case, the generated library contains only the necessary
declarations. It can help avoid various issues when upgrading Kotlin or tools in your development environment.

### Exclude headers

To exclude specific headers, use the `excludeFilter` property. It can be helpful to remove redundant or problematic
headers and optimize compilation, as declarations from the specified headers are not included into the bindings:

```none
excludeFilter = SomeLibrary/time.h
```

> If the same header is both included with `headerFilter`, and excluded with `excludeFilter`, the specified header will
> not be included into the bindings.
>
{type="note"}

> ### Filter headers by module maps

Reviewer 2: I guess this section should focus on the `modules` property, not the obscure `excludeDependentModules`.

Some libraries, like macOS and iOS system libraries and frameworks, have proper `module.modulemap` or `module.map` files

> in their headers. The [module map file](https://clang.llvm.org/docs/Modules.html#module-map-language) describes the

Reviewer 2: > in their headers

Should be removed. These module files usually stored alongside headers.

### Compiler and linker options

Use `compilerOpts` and `linkerOpts` properties to pass the corresponding options to the compiler (used to analyze headers,
such as preprocessor definitions) and to the linker (used to link final executables) respectively. For example:

```c
compilerOpts = -DFOO=bar
linkerOpts = -lpng
```

Target-specific options only applicable to the certain target can be specified as well:

```c
compilerOpts = -DBAR=bar
compilerOpts.linux_x64 = -DFOO=foo1
compilerOpts.macos_x64 = -DFOO=foo2
```

With such a configuration, headers will be analyzed with `-DBAR=bar -DFOO=foo1` on Linux and with `-DBAR=bar -DFOO=foo2`
on macOS. Note that any definition file option can have both common and platform-specific parts.

### Ignore specific functions

Use the `excludedFunctions` property to specify a list of the function names that should be ignored. This may be
helpful in case a function declared in the header is not generally guaranteed to be really callable, and
it's often hard or impossible to figure this out automatically. You can also use this property to work around a bug
in the interop itself.

> ### Include a static library

Reviewer 3: Well, technically, according to the issue, there should be a place in the documentation mentioning this feature.
> Currently, K/N allows bundling static libraries to klibs (both regular Kotlin klibs and cinterop klibs).
This is not future-proof and should be marked as experimental (but not deprecated yet).
> ...
> * Add the page to the documentation, add the link to the deprecation messages and experimental (-X) flags descriptions.

So, we should add a mention that this feature is experimental. And maybe move to a separate document, not sure.

> ### Include a static library

Author: Thank you! For now, I've added the experimental warning. I suggest updating this page (and KGP docs) again once [KT-70946](https://youtrack.jetbrains.com/issue/KT-70946/Native-mark-bundling-static-libs-to-klibs-experimental) is resolved.

   ```

   * `headers` is the list of header files to generate Kotlin stubs. You can add multiple files to this entry,
     separating each with a `\` on a new line. In this case, it's only `png.h`. The referenced files need to be available
     on the system path (in this case, it's `/usr/include/png`).
     separating each with a space. In this case, it's only `png.h`. The referenced files need to be available
     on the specified path (in this case, it's `/usr/include/png`).
   * `headerFilter` shows what exactly is included. In C, all the headers are also included when one file references
     another one with the `#include` directive. Sometimes it's not necessary, and you can add this parameter
     [using glob patterns](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glob_(programming)) to fine-tune things.

     `headerFilter` is an optional argument and is mostly used when the library is installed as a system library. You don't

>      want to fetch external dependencies (such as system `stdint.h` header) into the interop library. It may be important to

Reviewer 3: The part about fetching external dependencies into the interop library is still necessary, as well as about fixing conflicts.
[Here](https://github.com/JetBrains/kotlin-web-site/pull/4405#discussion_r1775094432) I meant removing only one sentence, not the whole paragraph.

Author: Ah, got it! included the paragraph again with some minor changes

| [`staticLibraries`](#include-a-static-library)                                      | [Experimental](components-stability.md#stability-levels-explained). Includes a static library into `.klib`.                                                                                                                          |
| [`libraryPaths`](#include-a-static-library)                                         | [Experimental](components-stability.md#stability-levels-explained). A space-separated list of directories where the cinterop tool searches for the library to be included in `.klib`.                                                |
| `packageName`                                                                       | Package prefix for the generated Kotlin API.                                                                                                                                                                                         |

> | [`headerFilter`](#filter-headers-by-globs)                                          | Filters headers by globs and include only them when importing a library.                                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer 3: "Filters" and "include" don't seem grammatically consistent with each other.

### Allow calling a non-designated initializer

By default, the Kotlin/Native compiler doesn't allow calling a non-designated Objective-C initializer as a `super()`
constructor. This behaviour can be inconvenient if the designated Objective-C initializers aren't marked properly in the
library. To disable these compiler checks, use the `disableDesignatedInitializerChecks` property.

### Handle Objective-C exceptions

By default, the program crashes if Objective-C exceptions reach the Objective-C to Kotlin interop boundry and get to the
Kotlin code.

> To propagate Objective-C exceptions to Kotlin, enable wrapping with the `foreignExceptionMode = objc-wrap`property.

Reviewer 3: A space is missing before "property".
